# ReplicaAPI Python Script for JMeter Data Upload

This Python script utilizes the Replica API to upload JMeter performance test data to the Replica database. The uploaded data is extracted from a CSV file generated by JMeter and is pushed into the Replica Database. Once the data is available in the database, it is ready for creating dashboards accordingly.

## Prerequisites

Before running the script, ensure you have the following:

- Python installed (version 3.x recommended)
- Required Python libraries (`requests`, `json`, `os`, `csv`, `traceback`, `threading`)
- Make sure to specify your access token in line number 47.

Install the libraries using:

```bash
pip install requests
```
## How to Run Performance Tests

1. **Conduct Performance Test with JMeter**:
   - Run your performance test using Apache JMeter.
   - Ensure to save the test results in a CSV file.

2. **Verify CSV Column Names**:
   - Before proceeding, ensure that the CSV file contains the following column names:
     - Label
     - \# Samples
     - Average
     - Min
     - Max
     - Std. Dev.
     - Error %
     - Throughput
     - Received KB/sec
     - Sent KB/sec
     - Avg. Bytes
     - ApplicationName

3. **Prepare ReplicaDB_API.py Script**:
   - Open the `ReplicaDB_API.py` script.
   - Replace the placeholders `access_token` and `csv_file_path` with the appropriate values.
   - Save the changes.

4. **Run the Python Script**:
   - Execute the following command in your terminal to run the Python script:
     ```bash
     python3 ReplicaDB_API.py
     ```
   - This command will initiate the script, push data from csv file to ReplicaDB .

## Result

Sample dashboards after uploading the data to the Replica database are specified below:

- API LoadTest: [API LoadTest Dashboard](https://ui.headspin.io/dashboards/3c-dC0cSz)
- Https LoadTest: [LoadTest Dashboard](https://ui.headspin.io/dashboards/Erlhjb5Iz)

Review the dashboards to visualize and analyze the performance test data.
